---
title: 'Post with all the markdown'
description: 'A lot of markdown packages are installed to help you write your posts. All presets are personal preference.'
date: 2022-11-02
---

A lot of markdown packages are installed to help you write your posts. You can configure them in `config/plugins/markdown.js`.

As of my personal preference, there are some presets. For example the automatic conversion of web pages to links (lenesaile.com) and the automatic addition of `target: '_blank'` and `rel: 'noreferrer noopener'` for external links (all links with the pattern`/^https?:/`).

This is a small pitfall! Take care to not prefix your internal links with your domain, or else they will be treated ad external as well. To link internally use this pattern:

```
An internal link to the [about page](/about/)
```

## h2 Heading

### h3 Heading

#### h4 Heading

Muffin bonbon jujubes cheesecake chupa chups shortbread ice cream cotton candy cake. Jelly-o biscuit dessert danish dessert pastry tootsie roll lemon drops gingerbread. Cheesecake donut marzipan sweet roll icing muffin halvah. Dragée donut cake biscuit pie carrot cake sesame snaps jelly-o gummi bears.

Soufflé topping shortbread lemon.

## hr

---

## Typographic replacements

**The replacement converts this input:**

```
(c) (C) (r) (R) (tm) (TM) (p) (P) +-
test.. test... test..... test?..... test!....
!!!!!! ???? ,, -- ---
"Smartypants, double quotes" and 'single quotes'
```

**To this:**

(c) (C) (r) (R) (tm) (TM) (p) (P) +-
test.. test... test..... test?..... test!....
!!!!!! ???? ,, -- ---
"Smartypants, double quotes" and 'single quotes'

## Emphasis

**This is bold text**
_This is italic text_
~~Strikethrough~~

## Blockquote

> rbread. Cheesecake donut marzipan sweet roll icing muffin halvah. Dragée donut cake biscuit pie carrot cake sesame snaps jelly-o gummi bears. Cotton candy cookie croissant fruitcake.

## Lists

### Unordered lists

- Create a list by starting a line with `+`, `-`, or `*`
- Sub-lists are made by indenting 2 spaces:
- Very simple!

### Ordered lists

1. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet
2. Consectetur adipiscing elit
3. Integer molestie lorem at massa

## Code

Syntax highlighting

```js
var foo = function (bar) {
  return bar++;
};

console.log(foo(5));
```

## Tables

| Option | Description                                                               |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| data   | path to data files to supply the data that will be passed into templates. |
| engine | engine to be used for processing templates. Handlebars is the default.    |
| ext    | extension to be used for dest files.                                      |

## Links

`rel="noreferrer noopener"` and `target="_blank"` is added automatically to external links. So is an indicator icon, see global-styles.css
[link text](http://dev.nodeca.com)
[link with title](http://nodeca.github.io/pica/demo/ 'title text!')

Autoconverted link https://github.com/nodeca/pica (enabled via linkify)

### Emojis

Classic markup: :wink: :crush: :cry: :tear: :laughing: :yum:
Shortcuts (emoticons): :-) :-( 8-) ;)

### mark

==Marked text==

### Test

*[ICH]: Intracerebral Hemorrhage

## The Gist

INTERACT-2 was the first large, multicenter randomized trial to evaluate the effect of rapidly lowering blood pressure to a specific target in patients presenting with acute ICH.

‍**2839 patients** who presented within 6 hours of symptom onset were randomized to achieve a blood pressure target of **< 180 mm Hg** (at the time, considered [guideline-based treatment](https://doi.org/10.1161/STROKEAHA.107.183689) or **< 140 mm Hg (intensive blood pressure control)**.

At 90 days, 56% of patients in the guideline-recommended group were dead or severely disabled, compared to 52% of patients in the intensive-treatment group **(OR 0.87, 95% CI 0.75 - 1.01)**. The results of this trial suggest that blood pressure lowering to a target of < 140 mm Hg has a small but probable effect in reducing death and major disability.

A similar trial, [ATACH-2](/trials/atach-2/), was published several years later. While the trial failed to replicate the findings of INTERACT2, this may be due to differences in target SBP and duration of blood pressure control.

## Background and Clinical Context

The onset of ICH is often accompanied by an acute hypertensive response, which can reach very high levels and is associated with hematoma expansion and poor outcome. Clinicians are also concerned that lowering blood pressure too drastically may result in decreased cerebral perfusion, especially in perihematomal tissue.

[Previous AHA/ASA Guidelines](https://doi.org/10.1161/STROKEAHA.107.183689) recommended maintaining an SBP < 180 and/or a MAP < 110 to balance reducing the risk of hematoma expansion and maintaining an adequate cerebral perfusion pressure. However, this was not based on any robust evidence as no high-quality observational studies or randomized trials had been conducted.

INTERACT-2 was the first randomized trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of early intensive lowering of blood pressure on clinical outcomes.

### Footnotes

Footnote 1 link[^first].
Footnote 2 link[^second].
Inline footnote^[Text of inline footnote] definition.
Duplicated footnote reference[^second].

[^first]:
    Footnote **can have markup**
    and multiple paragraphs.

[^second]: Footnote text.

\*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language


